[oneDPL][rfc][ranges] proposal for implementation of the second part of range based API for oneDPL (#2037)
uxlfoundation/oneDPL: rfcs/proposed/ranges_api_m/README.md

Reviewer: Please rename to `range_algorithms/README.md`

Author: done

# Support the second portion of the oneDPL Range APIs

## Introduction
Based on statistics (observing C++ code within github.com) for the usage of popular algorithms, the following

> range-based APIs are supposed to be implemented in oneDPL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
range-based APIs are suggested to be implemented next in oneDPL.
```

`fill`, `generate`, `move`, `replace`, `replace_if`, `remove`, `remove_if`, `mismatch`, `minmax_element`, `minmax`,
`min`, `max`, `find_first_of`, `find_end`, `is_sorted_until`

## Motivations
The feature is proposed as the next step of range-based API support for oneDPL.

### Key Requirements
- The range-based signatures for the mentioned API should correspond to the proposal for C++ parallel range algorithms, P3179.

> (https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2024/p3179r4.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(https://wg21.link/p3179)
```
